This constitutes a bibliography of some of the references used
in creating the ASMWIZ library. They are listed in no particular
order. I might note that many of these references contain
incorrect information on one point or another and that they
frequently contradict each other. Such are the joys of assembly
language programming. Comments reflect my personal opinions on
the text.


"The New Peter Norton Programmer's Guide to the IBM PC &
PS/2".  2nd Ed, 1988, by Peter Norton and Richard Wilton.
Microsoft Press.
-- Often contains inadequate detail and is unusually
error-prone. Some of the information is unique to this source,
however, so it has its value.

"Microsoft Mouse Programmer's Reference".  2nd Ed, 1991.
Microsoft Press.
-- Bizarrely, the primary examples are for interpreted BASIC
(BASICA or GWBASIC). However, there are matching examples for
QuickBASIC, C, and MASM. This is a comprehensive reference. You
do have to be careful about using many of the routines, as older
mouse drivers are common, and they don't support all of the
newer routines. Unfortunately, no information is provided as to
the release date of any of the mouse functions...

"COMPUTE!'s Mapping the IBM PC and PCjr".  1985, COMPUTE!
Publications, Inc.
-- An old but indispensable reference. The memory map, port
reference, and low-level support chip information are very good.

"Programmer's Guide to PC & PS/2 Video Systems".  1987, by
Richard Wilton. Microsoft Press.
-- A terrific reference on video from MDA to VGA. The example
program for putting the Hercules adapter into graphics mode is
very buggy in this edition, however.

"The Waite Group's MS-DOS Developer's Guide".  2nd Ed, 1989, by
The Waite Group, Inc.  Howard W. Sams & Co.
-- An excellent reference on all sorts of low-level programming.
TSRs, video, numeric coprocessor, communications, and lots more
is covered. A well written and enjoyable text.

"The MS-DOS Encyclopedia".  1988.  Microsoft Press.
-- Encyclopedic it is. Every serious assembly programmer should
have a copy. Covers DOS itself, DOS interrupts, TSRs,
communications, lots of handy articles by the best in the
business. The BIOS is entirely ignored, though.

"Disk Operating System Version 3.00 Operating Reference".
1984.  IBM Corp.
-- Useful for getting the scoop as IBM sees it. Good for
clearing up contradictions in other texts, but not particularly
vital.

"Practical Microcomputer Programming: The Intel 8080".  1976,
by W. J. Weller, A. V. Shatzel, and H. Y. Nice.
-- You'd think a book this dated would be handy for starting
fires, hmmm? In truth, it contains some very neat techniques
that apply to modern problems. Keep it in mind when browsing
that used book store!
